I think I'm really fortunate to be born in America. I've had the opportunity
to travel all over the world I've been to Kuwait and Bahrain
and Dubai Japan Malaysia I've been lots of other places and I've gotten
a chance to see the way that different people live. Some are well
to do, some not so well to do, and being in the military I kind of
see America's role in that and I also see the way that they live compared
to other countries and I gotta say just being born in California
puts me at such an advantage in the world and I'm very grateful
for that, if I can I'll try to help other people as much as I can I
feel like I'm doing that I'm hoping that I'm doing that but that's one
thing I'm very very grateful for.